You want to know what went wrong.
Fury says to me once,
"In the time of gods and monsters,
what is the worth of a man?"
I don't know what he means.
And then men are dying all round.
Good men.
Friends.
Even some heroes.
So it's safe to say mistakes were
made in the handling of the incident?
Mistakes?
We're at war,
and he thinks about superheroes.
The Avengers?
You thought they were a threat.
I thought they were a joke.
Nick Fury only ever saw them as
the Avengers, no matter what he said.
It was absolutely a bad idea.
The wrong people at the wrong time,
and it worked.
They came together, and they saved us,
and it's infuriating.
We're trained to believe in a system,
not to gamble. Not to hope.
Nick Fury saw something
running under the system.
A current, a connection, a truth...
about what we can do,
what they would become.
Captain America saved my life.
The Avengers were the mistake
that saved the world.
That's my official statement.
Tony Stark.
Visionary. Genius.
American patriot.
Even from an early age,
the son of legendary weapons
developer Howard Stark
quickly stole the spotlight with
his brilliant and unique mind.
At age four, he built
his first circuit board.
At age six, his first engine.
And at 17, he graduated
summa cum laude from MIT.
Then, the passing of a titan.
Howard Stark's lifelong
friend and ally, Obadiah Stane,
steps in to help fill the gap
left by the legendary founder,
until, at age 21,
the prodigal son returns
and is anointed the new CEO
of Stark Industries.
With the keys to the kingdom,
Tony ushers in a new era
for his father's legacy,
creating smarter weapons,
advanced robotics, satellite targeting.
Today, Tony Stark has changed
the face of the weapons industry
by ensuring freedom
and protecting America
and her interests
around the globe.
As liaison to Stark Industries,
I've had the unique privilege
of serving with a real patriot.
He is my friend
and he is my great mentor.
Ladies and gentlemen,
it is my honor
to present this year's Apogee
Award to Mr. Tony Stark.
Tony?
- Thank you, Colonel.
- Thanks for the save.
This is beautiful. Thank you.
Thank you all very much.
This is wonderful.
Well, I'm not Tony Stark.
But if I were Tony, I would
tell you how honored I feel
and what a joy it is to receive
this very prestigious award.
Tony, you know...
The best thing about Tony
is also the worst thing.
He's always working.
Work it! Come on!
We should just
stay till the morning.
You are unbelievable.
Oh, no! Did they
rope you into this?
Nobody roped me into anything!
- I'm so sorry.
- But they told me that
if I presented you with an
award, you'd be deeply honored.
Of course I'd be deeply
honored. And it's you, that's great.
- So when do we do it?
- It's right here.
- Here you go.
- There it is. That was easy.
- I'm so sorry.
- Yeah, it's okay.
Wow! Would you look at that?
That's something else.
I don't have any of those
floating around.
We're gonna let it ride!
Give me a hand, will you? Give
me a little something-something.
Okay, you, too.
- I don't blow on a man's dice.
- Come on, honey bear.
There it is. Lieutenant
Colonel Rhodes rolls! And...
Two craps.
Line away.
- That's what happens.
- Worse things have happened.
I think we're gonna be fine.
Color me up, will you?
- This is where I exit.
- All right.
Tomorrow, don't be late.
- Yeah, you can count on it.
- I'm serious!
I know, I know.
Render unto Caesar that
which is Caesar's. There you go.
Mr. Stark! Excuse me, Mr. Stark!
Christine Everhart,
Vanity Fair magazine.
Can I ask you
a couple of questions?
- She's cute.
- She's all right?
- Hi.
- Yeah. Okay, go.
- It's okay?
You've been called
the da Vinci of our time.
- What do you say to that?
- Absolutely ridiculous. I don't paint.
And what do you say
to your other nickname?
"The Merchant of Death"?
That's not bad.
Let me guess. Berkeley?
Brown, actually.
Well, Ms. Brown,
it's an imperfect world, but
it's the only one we've got.
I guarantee you, the day weapons
are no longer needed to keep the peace,
I'll start making bricks and
beams for baby hospitals.
Rehearse that much?
Every night in front of
the mirror before bedtime.
I can see that.
I'd like to show you first-hand.
All I want is a serious answer.
Okay, here's serious. My
old man had a philosophy,
"Peace means having a
bigger stick than the other guy."
That's a great line coming
from the guy selling the sticks.
My father helped
defeat the Nazis.
He worked on
the Manhattan Project.
A lot of people, including
your professors at Brown,
would call that being a hero.
And a lot of people would
also call that war profiteering.
Tell me, do you plan to report
on the millions we've saved
by advancing medical technology
or kept from starvation
with our intelli-crops?
All those breakthroughs,
military funding, honey.
You ever lose an hour
of sleep your whole life?
I'd be prepared to
lose a few with you.
War continues to ravage Europe.
But help is on the way.
Every able-bodied young man
is lining up to serve his country.
Even little Timmy is
doing his part
collecting scrap metal.
Nice work, Timmy!
Who cares?
Play the movie already!
Hey, you wanna show
some respect?
Meanwhile, overseas,
our brave boys are showing
the Axis powers that the price
of freedom is never too high.
Let's go! Get on with it!
- Hey, just start the cartoon!
- Hey, you wanna shut up?
Together with Allied
forces, we'll face any threat,
no matter the size.
You just don't know
when to give up, do you?
I can do this all day.
Kaminsky, Henry.
Boy, a lot of guys
getting killed over there.
Rogers, Steven.
It kind of makes you think
twice about enlisting, huh?
Nope.
Rogers.
What did your father
die of? Mustard gas.
He was in the 107th Infantry.
I was hoping I
could be assigned...
Your mother? She was
a nurse in a TB ward.
Got hit. Couldn't shake it.
Sorry, son. Look,
just give me a chance.
You'd be ineligible
on your asthma alone.
Is there anything you can do?
I'm doing it.
I'm saving your life.
Hey!
Pick on someone your own size.
Sometimes I think you
like getting punched.
I had him on the ropes.
How many times is this?
Oh, you're from Paramus now?
You know it's illegal to
lie on the enlistment form.
And seriously, Jersey?
You get your orders?
The 107th.
Sergeant James Barnes,
shipping out for England
first thing tomorrow.
I should be going.
Come on, man.
My last night! I got
to get you cleaned up.
Why? Where are we going?
The future.
Good morning.
It's 7:00 a.m.
The weather in Malibu is 72
degrees with scattered clouds.
The surf conditions are fair
with waist-to-shoulder high lines.
High tide will
be at 10:52 a.m.
Tony?
Hey, Tony?
You are not authorized
to access this area.
- Jesus.
- That's Jarvis. He runs the house.
I've got your clothes here. They've
been dry-cleaned and pressed,
and there's a car
waiting for you outside
that will take you anywhere
you'd like to go.
You must be the
famous Pepper Potts.
Indeed I am.
After all these years, Tony still
has you picking up the dry-cleaning.
I do anything and everything
that Mr. Stark requires,
including, occasionally,
taking out the trash.
Will that be all?
Sometimes I try to do things
but it just doesn't work out
the way I want it to,
and I get real frustrated
and then, like,
I try hard to do it
and I, like, take my time
but it just doesn't work out
the way I want it to.
It's like I concentrate
on it real hard
but it just doesn't work out.
Give me an exploded view.
The compression in
cylinder three appears to be low.
Log that.
I'm gonna try again, right now.
Please don't turn down my music.
I'll keep you posted.
You are supposed to be halfway
around the world right now.
How'd she take it?
Like a champ.
Why are you trying to
hustle me out of here?
Your flight was scheduled to
leave an hour and a half ago.
That's funny, I thought with
it being my plane and all,
that it would just wait
for me to get there.
Tony, I need to speak to
you about a couple things
before I get you
out of the door.
Doesn't it kind of defeat the whole
purpose of having your own plane
if it departs before you arrive?
Larry called. He's got another buyer
for the Jackson Pollock in the wings.
Do you want it?
Yes or no.
Is it a good representation
of his spring period?
No. The Springs was actually
the neighborhood in East Hampton
where he lived and worked,
- not "spring" like the season.
- So?
I think it's a fair example.
I think it's
incredibly overpriced.
I need it.
Buy it. Store it.
Okay. The MIT
commencement speech...
Is in June. Please, don't harangue
me about stuff that's way, way, down...
They're haranguing me,
so I'm gonna say yes.
Deflect it and absorb it.
Don't transmit it back to me.
I need you to sign this
before you get on the plane.
What are you trying to get rid
of me for? What, you got plans?
As a matter of fact, I do.
I don't like it
when you have plans.
I'm allowed to have plans
on my birthday.
- It's your birthday?
- Yes.
I knew that. Already?
Yeah. Isn't that strange?
It's the same day as last year.
Get yourself
something nice from me.
I already did.
And?
Oh, it was very nice.
- Yeah?
- Very tasteful. Thank you, Mr. Stark.
You're welcome, Miss Potts.
Okay.
You're good. Oh, I thought
I lost you back there.
You did, sir. I had to
cut across Mulholland.
I got you.
What's wrong with you?
- What?
- Three hours.
I got caught doing a piece
for Vanity Fair.
For three hours. For three
hours you got me standing here.
Waiting on you now.
Let's go. Come on.
Wheels up!
Rock and roll!
- What you reading, platypus?
- Nothing.
Come on, sour patch.
Don't be mad.
I told you, I'm not mad.
I'm indifferent, okay?
- I said I was sorry.
- Good morning, Mr. Stark.
You don't need to apologize
to me. I'm your man.
Hi. I told him
I was sorry, but he...
- I'm just indifferent right now.
- Hot towel?
You don't respect yourself,
- so I know you don't respect me.
- I respect you.
I'm just your babysitter.
So, when you need your
diaper changed... Thank you.
Let me know and
I'll get you a bottle, okay?
Hey! Heat up the sake,
will you?
- Thanks for reminding me.
- No, I'm not talking...
We're not drinking.
We're working right now.
- You can't have sashimi without sake.
- You are constitutionally
incapable of being responsible.
It would be
irresponsible not to drink.
I'm just talking
about a nightcap.
Hot sake?
- Yes, two, please.
- No.
I'm not drinking.
I don't want any.
That's what I'm talking about.
When I get up in the morning
and I'm putting on my uniform,
you know what I recognize?
I see in that mirror that every person
that's got this uniform on got my back!
Hey, you know what? I'm
not like you. I'm not cut out...
No, no. You don't
have to be like me!
But you're more
than what you are.
Can you excuse me if
I'm a bit distracted here?
No! You can't be distracted
right now! Listen to me!
I don't see what the problem is.
You're about to be the last
eligible man in New York.
You know there's three and
a half million women here?
Well, I'd settle for just one.
Good thing I took care of that.
Hey, Bucky!
What'd you tell her about me?
Only the good stuff.
Welcome to the
Modern Marvels Pavilion
and the World of Tomorrow.
A greater world. A better world.
- Oh, my God!
- It's starting!
I love you, Howard!
Ladies and gentlemen,
what if I told you that in just a
few short years, your automobile
won't even have to
touch the ground at all?
Yes. Thanks, Mandy.
With Stark Gravitic
Reversion Technology
you'll be able to do just that.
Holy cow.
I did say a few years, didn't I?
Hey, Steve, what do you
say we treat these girls...
Ladies and gentlemen,
Mr. Howard Stark!
- Tony!
- Mr. Stark!
General.
Welcome, Mr. Stark. We look
forward to your weapons presentation.
Thanks.
Is it better to be
feared or respected?
I say, is it too
much to ask for both?
With that in mind, I humbly
present the crown jewel
of Stark Industries'
Freedom Line.
It's the first missile system
to incorporate our proprietary
repulsor technology.
They say the best weapon
is one you never have to fire.
I respectfully disagree.
I prefer the weapon
you only have to fire once.
That's how Dad did it.
That's how America does it.
And it's worked out
pretty well so far.
Find an excuse
to let one of these off the chain,
and I personally guarantee you
the bad guys won't even want
to come out of their caves.
For your consideration,
the Jericho.
I'll be throwing one of these in
with every purchase
of 500 million or more.
To peace!
- Tony.
- Obie, what are you doing up?
I couldn't sleep till I found
out how it went. How'd it go?
It went great. Looks like it's
gonna be an early Christmas.
Hey! Way to go, my boy!
I'll see you tomorrow, yeah?
Why aren't you wearing
those pajamas I got you?
Good night, Tony.
- Hey, Tony.
- I'm sorry, this is the "fun-vee."
The "hum-drum-vee"
is back there.
Nice job.
See you back at base.
I feel like you're driving me
to a court-martial.
This is crazy.
What did I do?
I feel like you're going
to pull over and snuff me.
What, you're not allowed
to talk? Hey, Forrest!
We can talk, sir.
Oh, I see.
So it's personal?
No, you intimidate them.
Good God, you're a woman.
I honestly...
I couldn't have called that.
I mean, I'd apologize, but isn't
that what we're going for here?
I thought of you
as a soldier first.
I'm an airman.
You have, actually,
excellent bone structure, there.
I'm kind of having a hard
time not looking at you now.
Is that weird?
Come on, it's okay, laugh.
Sir, I have a question to ask.
Yes, please.
Is it true you went 12 for 12 with
last year's Maxim cover models?
That is an excellent
question. Yes and no.
March and I had
a scheduling conflict,
but fortunately, the
Christmas cover was twins.
Anything else? You're kidding
me with the hand up, right?
Is it cool if I take
a picture with you?
Yes. It's very cool.
All right.
I don't want to see this
on your MySpace page.
Please, no gang signs.
No, throw it up.
I'm kidding.
Yeah, peace.
I love peace.
I'd be out of a job with peace.
Come on. Hurry up. Just click it.
Don't change any settings. Just click it.
- What's going on?
- Contact left!
What have we got?
Jimmy, stay with Stark!
- Stay down!
- Yeah.
Son of a bitch!
Wait, wait, wait!
Give me a gun!
Stay here!
Whoa!
Come on, soldier.
Come on. You're kind of
missing the point of a double date.
We're taking the girls dancing.
You go ahead. I'll
catch up with you.
You're really going
to do this again?
Well, it's a fair. I'm
gonna try my luck.
As who, Steve from Ohio?
They'll catch you. Or worse,
they'll actually take you.
Look, I know you
don't think I can do this.
This isn't a back
alley, Steve. It's war.
- I know it's a war.
- Why are you so keen to fight?
- There are so many important jobs.
- What do you want me to do?
Collect scrap metal
in my little red wagon?
- Yes. Why not?
- I'm not gonna sit in a factory, Bucky.
Bucky, come on. There are
men laying down their lives.
I got no right to do
any less than them.
That's what you don't
understand. This isn't about me.
Right. 'Cause you
got nothing to prove.
Hey, Sarge! Are
we going dancing?
Yes, we are.
Don't do anything
stupid until I get back.
How can I?
You're taking all
the stupid with you.
You're a punk. Jerk.
Be careful.
Don't win the
war till I get there!
Come on, girls.
They're playing our song.
Wait here.
- Is there a problem?
- Just wait here.
Thank you.
So,
you want to go
overseas. Kill some Nazis.
Excuse me?
Dr. Abraham Erskine.
I represent the Strategic
Scientific Reserve.
Steve Rogers.
Where are you from?
Queens. 73rd Street
and Utopia Parkway.
Before that, Germany.
This troubles you? No.
Where are you from,
Mr. Rogers? Hmm?
Is it New Haven?
Or Paramus?
Five exams in
five different cities.
That might not
be the right file.
No, it's not the exams
I'm interested in.
It's the five tries.
But you didn't
answer my question.
Do you want to kill Nazis?
Is this a test?
Yes.
I don't want to kill anyone.
I don't like bullies. I don't
care where they're from.
Well, there are already
so many big men
fighting this war.
Maybe what we need
now is a little guy, huh?
I can offer you a chance.
Only a chance.
- I'll take it.
- Good.
So where is the little
guy from? Actually?
Brooklyn.
Congratulations, soldier.
I wouldn't do that
if I were you.
Recruits, attention!
Gentlemen, I am Agent Carter.
I supervise all
operations for this division.
What's with the
accent, Queen Victoria?
I thought I was signing
up for the U.S. Army.
What's your name, soldier?
Gilmore Hodge, Your Majesty.
Step forward, Hodge.
Put your right foot forward.
Mmm... We gonna wrassle?
'Cause I got a few
moves I know you'll like.
Agent Carter!
Colonel Phillips.
I can see that you are breaking
in the candidates. That's good!
Get your ass up out of that dirt
and stand in that
line at attention
till somebody comes
tells you what to do.
Yes, sir!
General Patton has said
that wars are fought with
weapons, but they are won by men.
We are going to win this war
because we have the best men.
And because they
are going to get better.
Much better.
The Strategic Scientific
Reserve is an Allied effort
made up of the best
minds in the free world.
Our goal is to create
the best army in history.
But every army
starts with one man.
Rogers! Get off of there!
At the end of this week,
we will choose that man.
He will be the first in a
new breed of super-soldier.
Rogers! Get that
rifle out of the mud!
And they will personally escort
Adolf Hitler to the gates of hell.
Pick up the pace, ladies!
Let's go, let's go! Double time!
Come on! Faster! Faster!
Move! Move!
Squad, halt!
That flag means we're
only at the halfway point.
First man to bring it to me gets
a ride back with Agent Carter.
Move, move!
Come on! Get up there!
If that's all you got,
this army's in trouble!
Get up there, Hodge!
Come on! Get up there!
Nobody's got that
flag in 17 years!
Now fall back into
line! Come on, fall in!
Let's go! Get
back into formation!
Rogers! I said fall in!
Thank you, sir.
What the hell did you do to me?
What I did?
What I did is to save your life.
I removed all the shrapnel
I could, but there's a lot left,
and it's headed into
your atrial septum.
Here, want to see?
I have a souvenir.
Take a look.
I've seen many wounds
like that in my village.
We call them the walking dead
because it takes about a week for
the barbs to reach the vital organs.
- What is this?
- That is an electromagnet,
hooked up to a car battery,
and it's keeping the shrapnel
from entering your heart. Hmm?
That's right. Smile.
We met once, you know, at a
technical conference in Bern.
- I don't remember.
- No, you wouldn't.
If I had been that drunk, I
wouldn't have been able to stand,
much less give a lecture
on integrated circuits.
Where are we?
Come on,
stand up. Stand up!
Just do as I do.
Come on, put your hands up.
Those are my guns.
How did they get my guns?
Do you understand me?
Do as I do.
He says, "Welcome, Tony Stark,
the most famous mass murderer
"in the history of America."
He is honored.
He wants you to
build the missile.
The Jericho missile
that you demonstrated.
This one.
I refuse.
Tony!
He wants to know what you think.
I think you got
a lot of my weapons.
He says they have everything
you need to build the Jericho missile.
He wants you to make
the list of materials.
He says for you
to start working immediately,
and when you're done,
he will set you free.
No, he won't.
Faster, ladies! Come on.
My grandmother has more
life in her, God rest her soul.
Move it!
You're not really thinking
about picking Rogers, are you?
I'm more than just thinking
about it. He is the clear choice.
When you brought a 90-pound
asthmatic onto my army base,
I let it slide. I thought,
"What the hell."
Maybe he'd be useful
to you, like a gerbil.
I never thought you'd pick him.
Up.
You stick a needle in that kid's
arm, it's gonna go right through him.
Come on, girls. Look at that.
He's making me cry.
I am looking for qualities
beyond the physical.
Do you know how long it
took to set up this project?
All the groveling I had to do
in front of Senator
What's-His-Name's committees?
Brandt. Yes, I know. I am
well aware of your efforts.
Then throw me a bone. Hodge
passed every test we gave him.
He's big, he's fast.
He obeys orders.
- He's a soldier.
- He is a bully.
You don't win wars
with niceness, Doctor.
You win wars with guts.
Grenade!
Move, move!
Get away!
Get back!
It was a dummy grenade.
All clear. Back in formation.
Is this a test?
He's still skinny.
- May I?
- Yeah.
Can't sleep?
I got the jitters, I guess.
Me, too.
Can I ask you a question?
Just one?
Why me?
I suppose that is the
only question that matters.
This is from Augsburg. My city.
So many people forget
that the first country the
Nazis invaded was their own.
You know, after the last
war, my people struggled.
They felt weak. They felt small.
And then Hitler comes
along with the marching
and the big show and the flags.
And he hears of me. My
work. And he finds me.
And he says, "You."
He says, "You will
make us strong."
Well, I am not interested.
So he sends the head of Hydra,
his research division.
A brilliant scientist by the
name of Johann Schmidt.
Now, Schmidt is a
member of the inner circle.
And he is ambitious.
He and Hitler share a passion
for occult power
and Teutonic myth.
Hitler uses his fantasies
to inspire his followers.
But for Schmidt,
it is not fantasy.
For him, it is real. He
has become convinced
that there is a great
power hidden in the earth,
left here by the gods,
waiting to be seized
by a superior man.
So when he hears about
my formula and what it can do,
he cannot resist.
Schmidt must become
that superior man.
Did it make him stronger?
Yes.
But there were other effects.
The serum was not ready.
But more important, the man.
The serum amplifies
everything that is inside,
so good becomes great.
Bad becomes worse.
This is why you were chosen.
Because a strong man who
has known power all his life
may lose respect for that power,
but a weak man knows
the value of strength.
And knows
compassion.
Thanks. I think.
Whatever happens tomorrow,
you must promise me one thing.
That you will stay who you are.
Not a perfect soldier, but
a good man.
To the little guys.
No, no. Wait, wait.
What I am doing?
No, you have procedure
tomorrow. No fluids.
All right. We'll drink it after.
No, I don't have
procedure tomorrow.
Drink it after?
I drink it now.
I'm sure they're
looking for you, Stark.
But they will never find you
in these mountains.
Look, what you just saw,
that is your legacy, Stark.
Your life's work, in the
hands of those murderers.
Is that how you want to go out?
Is this the last act of defiance
of the great Tony Stark?
Or are you going to
do something about it?
Why should I do anything? They're
going to kill me, you, either way.
And if they don't, I'll
probably be dead in a week.
Well, then,
this is a very important
week for you, isn't it?
Hmm?
If this is going to be
my work station,
I want it well-lit.
I want these up.
I need welding gear. I don't
care if it's acetylene or propane.
I need a soldering station. I need
helmets. I'm gonna need goggles.
I would like a smelting cup.
I need two sets
of precision tools.
How many languages do you speak?
A lot.
But apparently,
not enough for this place.
They speak Arabic, Urdu,
Dari, Pashto, Mongolian,
Farsi, Russian.
Who are these people?
They are your
loyal customers, sir.
They call
themselves the Ten Rings.
You know,
we might be more productive
if you include me
in the planning process.
Uh-huh.
Okay, we don't need this.
What is that?
That's palladium,
0.15 grams.
We need at least 1.6, so why don't
you go break down the other 11?
Careful. Careful,
we only get one shot at this.
Relax. I have steady hands.
Why do you think
you're still alive? Huh?
What do I call you?
My name is Yinsen.
Yinsen.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, too.
That doesn't look
like a Jericho missile.
That's because it's a
miniaturized arc reactor.
I got a big one powering
my factory at home.
It should keep the
shrapnel out of my heart.
But what could it generate?
If my math is right, and it always
is, three gigajoules per second.
That could run your heart
for 50 lifetimes.
Yeah. Or something
big for 15 minutes.
This is our ticket out of here.
What is it?
Flatten them out and look.
Oh, wow.
Impressive.
I know this neighborhood.
I got beat up in that alley.
And that parking lot.
And behind that diner.
Did you have something
against running away?
You start running,
they'll never let you stop.
You stand up, you push back.
They can't say
no forever, right?
I know a little of
what that's like,
to have every door
shut in your face.
I guess I just don't know why
you'd want to join the Army
if you were a beautiful dame.
Or a... a woman.
An agent. Not a dame.
You are beautiful, but...
You have no idea how to
talk to a woman, do you?
I think this is the longest
conversation I've had with one.
Women aren't exactly lining up to
dance with a guy they might step on.
You must have danced.
Well, asking a woman to dance
always seemed so terrifying.
And the past few years, it just
didn't seem to matter
that much. I figured I'd wait.
For what?
The right partner.
Good roll.
You still haven't told me
where you're from.
I'm from a small
town called Gulmira.
It's actually a nice place.
Got a family?
Yes, and I will see them
when I leave here.
And you, Stark?
No.
No?
So you're a man
who has everything
and nothing.
Relax.
The bow and arrow
once was the pinnacle
of weapons technology.
It allowed the great
Genghis Khan
to rule from the
Pacific to the Ukraine.
An empire twice the size
of Alexander the Great
and four times the size
of the Roman Empire.
But today,
whoever holds
the latest Stark weapons
rules these lands.
And soon,
it will be my turn.
What do you want?
A delivery date?
I need him.
Good assistant.
You have till tomorrow
to assemble my missile.
This way.
- What are we doing here?
- Follow me.
Wonderful weather
this morning, isn't it?
Yes, but I always
carry an umbrella.
Good morning.
Please, not now.
Are you ready?
Good. Take off your
shirt, your tie, and your hat.
Okay? Can you move?
Okay, say it again.
41 steps straight ahead.
Then 16 steps,
that's from the door, fork
right, 33 steps, turn right.
Senator Brandt, glad
you could make it.
Why exactly am I in Brooklyn?
We needed access
to the city's power grid.
Of course, if you'd given me
the generators I requisitioned...
A lot of people are
asking for funds, Colonel.
Oh, this is Clem, uh...
Fred Clemson, State Department.
If this project of
yours comes through,
we'd like to see it used for
something other than headlines.
Jesus. Somebody
get that kid a sandwich.
Comfortable?
It's a little big.
You save me any
of that schnapps?
Not as much as I
should have. Sorry.
Next time.
Mr. Stark, how are your levels?
Levels at 100%. Good.
We may dim half
the lights in Brooklyn,
but we are ready
as we'll ever be.
Agent Carter?
Don't you think you would be
more comfortable in the booth?
Yes, of course. Sorry. Good.
Do you hear me? Is this on?
Ladies and gentlemen,
today we take not another
step towards annihilation,
but the first step
on the path to peace.
We begin with a series
of microinjections into
the subject's major muscle
groups. The serum infusion
will cause immediate
cellular change.
And then, to stimulate growth,
the subject will be
saturated with Vita-Rays.
That wasn't so bad.
That was penicillin.
Serum infusion beginning in
five,
four,
three,
two,
one.
Now, Mr. Stark.
Yinsen!
Yinsen! Stark!
Say something.
Say something back to him.
- He's speaking Hungarian. I don't...
- Then speak Hungarian.
Okay. I know.
What do you know?
- How'd that work?
- Oh, my goodness.
- It worked all right.
- That's what I do.
- Let me finish this.
- Initialize the power sequence.
Okay.
- Now!
- Tell me. Tell me.
Function 11.
Tell me when you
see a progress bar.
- It should be up right now.
- Yes.
Talk to me. Tell
me when you see it.
- I have it.
- Press Control "I".
- "I." Got it.
- "I." "Enter." "I" and "Enter."
Come over here and button me up.
Okay. All right.
Every other hex bolt.
- They're coming!
- Nothing pretty, just get it done.
- Just get it done.
- They're coming.
Make sure the checkpoints are
clear before you follow me out, okay?
We need more time.
Hey,
I'm gonna go buy you some time.
Stick to the plan!
Yinsen!
Steven? Can you hear me?
It's probably too late to
go to the bathroom, right?
We will proceed.
That's 10%.
Twenty percent.
Thirty.
That's 40%.
Vital signs are normal.
That's 50%.
Sixty.
Seventy.
Steven!
Steven! Shut it down!
Shut it down!
Kill the reactor, Mr. Stark!
Turn it off! Kill
it! Kill the reactor!
No!
Don't! I can do this!
Eighty.
Ninety.
That's 100%!
Yinsen!
Watch out!
Stark.
Come on.
We got to go.
Move for me, come on. We got
a plan. We're gonna stick to it.
This was always the plan, Stark.
Come on, you're gonna go
see your family. Get up.
My family is dead.
I'm going to see
them now, Stark.
It's okay.
I want this.
Thank you for saving me.
Don't waste it.
Don't waste your life.
My turn.
Not bad.
Hey!
How was the "fun-vee"?
Next time,
you ride with me, okay?
Watch it, coming up here.
Are you kidding
me with this? Get rid of them.
Hmm.
Your eyes are red. A few
tears for your long-lost boss?
Tears of joy.
I hate job hunting.
Yeah, vacation's over.
Where to, sir?
- Take us to the hospital, please, Happy.
- No.
No? Tony, you have to
- go to the hospital.
- No is a complete answer.
- The doctor has to look at you.
- I don't have to do anything.
I've been in captivity
for three months.
There are two things I want to do.
I want an American cheeseburger,
- and the other...
- That's enough of that.
...is not what you think. I want you
to call for a press conference now.
- Call for a press conference?
- Yeah.
- What on earth for?
- Hogan, drive. Cheeseburger first.
Look at this!
Tony.
We were going to
meet at the hospital.
No, I'm fine.
Look at you!
- You had to have a burger, yeah?
- Well, come on.
You get me one of those?
There's only one left.
I need it.
Hey, look
who's here! Yeah!
- Miss Potts?
- Yes.
Can I speak to you for a moment?
I'm not part of
the press conference,
but it's about to
begin right now.
I'm not a reporter.
I'm Agent Phil Coulson,
with the Strategic Homeland
Intervention, Enforcement
and Logistics Division.
That's quite a mouthful.
I know.
We're working on it.
You know, we've been approached
already by the DOD, the FBI, the CIA...
We're a separate division
with a more specific focus.
We need to debrief Mr. Stark about
the circumstances of his escape.
I'll put something
in the book, shall I?
Thank you.
Uh...
Hey, would it be all right
if everyone sat down?
Why don't you just sit down? That
way you can see me, and I can...
A little less formal and...
What's up with the love-in?
Don't look at me.
I don't know what he's up to.
Good to see you.
I never got to say
goodbye to Dad.
goodbye to my father.
There's questions that
I would have asked him.
I would have asked him how he
felt about what this company did.
If he was conflicted,
if he ever had doubts.
Or maybe he was every inch the man
we all remember from the newsreels.
I saw young Americans killed
by the very weapons I created
to defend them and protect them.
And I saw
that I had become part of a system that
is comfortable with zero accountability.
- Mr. Stark!
- Hey, Ben.
What happened over there?
I had my eyes opened. I
came to realize that I have more
to offer this world than just
making things that blow up.
And that is why, effective
immediately, I am shutting down
the weapons manufacturing
division of Stark International
until such a time as I can decide
what the future of the company will be.
I think we're gonna be
selling a lot of newspapers.
What direction it should take,
one that I'm comfortable with
and is consistent with the highest
good for this country, as well.
What we should take away
from this is that Tony's back!
And he's healthier than ever.
We're going to have
a little internal discussion...
Mr. Stark?
Steven. Steven.
The son of a bitch did it.
I did it. Yeah, yeah.
I think we did it.
You actually did it.
How do you feel?
Taller.
You look taller.
How do you like
Brooklyn now, Senator?
I can think of some folks in Berlin
who are about to get very nervous.
Congratulations, Doctor.
Thank you, sir.